0: 	 Bill is shouting at egg while Dog is shouting at tea. 
1: 	 Jeniffer is kissing fish while Grandfather is boiling egg. 
2: 	 Bill is petting meat while Spotty is shouting at egg. 
3: 	 Frodo is hugging pillowcase while Bill is biting mug. 
4: 	 Spotty is biting coffee while Dog is petting matrass. 
5: 	 Jeniffer is chewing at kettle while Cat is hugging pillowcase. 
6: 	 Tom is biting coffee while Cat is meowing for mug. 
7: 	 Jeniffer is chewing at coffee while Uncle Sam is barking at kettle. 
8: 	 Bill is petting tea while Cat is boiling tea. 
9: 	 Cat is biting egg while Cat is barking at feather. 
10: 	 Bill is biting pillowcase while Grandfather is hugging meat. 
11: 	 Sam is meowing for mug while Sam is boiling kettle. 
12: 	 Frodo is chewing at coffee while Spotty is shouting at egg. 
13: 	 Cat is hugging mug while Jeniffer is shouting at meat. 
14: 	 Uncle Sam is hugging pillowcase while Dog is boiling matrass. 
15: 	 Frodo is chewing at tea while Tom is fighting for meat. 
16: 	 Bill is meowing for tea while Dog is barking at pillowcase. 
17: 	 Merry is fighting for egg while Spotty is meowing for feather. 
18: 	 Spotty is boiling pillowcase while Cat is meowing for tea. 
19: 	 Bill is meowing for feather while Frodo is hugging kettle. 
20: 	 Merry is shouting at pillowcase while Jeniffer is biting feather. 
21: 	 Uncle Sam is barking at mug while Jeniffer is kissing coffee. 
22: 	 Spotty is boiling feather while Grandfather is petting feather. 
23: 	 Uncle Sam is petting feather while Merry is barking at egg. 
24: 	 Merry is biting matrass while Tom is meowing for pillowcase. 
25: 	 Grandfather is biting tea while Uncle Sam is boiling mug. 
26: 	 Sam is meowing for milk while Bill is petting milk. 
27: 	 Frodo is chewing at kettle while Uncle Sam is shouting at feather. 
28: 	 Merry is fighting for meat while Frodo is biting egg. 
29: 	 Sam is boiling matrass while Tom is fighting for kettle. 
30: 	 Dog is chewing at milk while Dog is hugging coffee. 
31: 	 Frodo is fighting for kettle while Uncle Sam is boiling meat. 
32: 	 Merry is hugging egg while Frodo is fighting for matrass. 
33: 	 Uncle Sam is chewing at coffee while Sam is hugging fish. 
34: 	 Frodo is boiling meat while Uncle Sam is hugging mug. 
35: 	 Uncle Sam is meowing for fish while Bill is hugging meat. 
36: 	 Dog is kissing kettle while Tom is chewing at mug. 
37: 	 Dog is boiling meat while Uncle Sam is shouting at tea. 
38: 	 Grandfather is meowing for fish while Merry is kissing milk. 
39: 	 Bill is barking at pillowcase while Bill is fighting for tea. 
40: 	 Frodo is barking at pillowcase while Spotty is biting kettle. 
41: 	 Cat is shouting at coffee while Jeniffer is fighting for kettle. 
42: 	 Dog is fighting for mug while Jeniffer is boiling pillowcase. 
43: 	 Frodo is hugging kettle while Sam is biting matrass. 
44: 	 Spotty is chewing at fish while Frodo is petting milk. 
45: 	 Sam is fighting for coffee while Uncle Sam is hugging tea. 
46: 	 Grandfather is meowing for milk while Dog is fighting for tea. 
47: 	 Bill is biting pillowcase while Frodo is chewing at tea. 
48: 	 Bill is hugging feather while Uncle Sam is kissing feather. 
49: 	 Merry is biting fish while Merry is kissing pillowcase. 
